cerceris compacta
cerceris compacta
cerceris compacta
cerceris compacta
cerceris compacta
cerceris aureofacialis




cerceris compar
cerceris conifrons
cerceris conifrons
cerceris conifrons
cerceris conifrons
cerceris chilopsidis
cerceris convergens
cerceris convergens
cerceris convergens
cerceris convergens
cerceris convergens
cerceris convergens
cerceris convergens
cerceris convergens
cerceris convergens
cerceris convergens
eriogonum fasciculatum






melilotus
forestiera eggersiana
jasminium fluminense
manilkara bidentata
gastonia cutispongia
polyscias obtusa
jasminium fluminense
myriophyllum aquaticum
cyruhalavia cyruhalavia
daucus carota
bambusa tuldoides
bambusa multiplex
bambusa vulgaris
jussiaea diffusa
b floridana
buchnera longifolia
capraria biflora
capraria biflora
capraria biflora
capraria biflora
capraria biflora

lindernia crustacea
linociera domingensis
olea europea
olea europea
cynoctonum mitreola
mitreola petiolata
cyvoetovuru mitreola
mitreola petiolata
polypremuru prolurulieus
spigelia anthelmia
spigelia anthelmia
spigelia anthelmia
pyrenocollema atlanticum
arthopyrenia halodytes
pyrenocollema halodytes
pyrenocollema tichothecioides
arthopyrenia cinchonae
arthopyrenia cinchonae
arthopyrenia cinchonae
arthopyrenia cinchonae
arthopyrenia cinchonae
ciferriolichen cinchonae
arthopyrenia cinchonae
ciferriolichen cinchonae
acroscyphus sphaerophoroides
actinogyra
actinogyra muhlenbergii
actinogyra muhlenbergii

alectoria fremontii
alectoria fremontii
alectoria jubata
alectoria jubata
alectoria jubata
alectoria nadvornikiana
alectoria nigricans
cetraria laevigatum
cetraria islandica
cetraria laevigata
cetraria laevigata
cetraria laevigata
caelocaulen muricatum
cetrelia cetrarioides
cetrelia cetrarioides
cetraria delisea

